<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Example Reference Entry</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="../mystyles.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <h1>Example reference entry: A single API endpoint</h1>
        <p>Here's a reference entry for one endpoint on a fictional API. This is just one way to
            represent all the necessary information.</p>
        <ul>
            <li>The web token isn't explained in detail, but the authentication docs would cover it.</li>
            <li>This entry describes one endpoint. In a complete reference section, it would be part of a collection including dozens or hundreds of endpoints.</li>
            <li>All the request parameters and response properties are explained, so that readers
                will have enough information to make a request and to use the resulting data. </li>
            <li>Response properties are separated into three tables, according to the hierarchy of
                the JSON data. There are separate tables for <code>books</code> and
                    <code>contact</code> because they are objects contained within the main object.
                It can be more difficult for readers to understand the properties when the JSON data
                has many levels of nested object and they are all represented in one table. After a
                certain point, however, nested objects become difficult to represent and the model
                used here will not fare much better than any other.</li>
            <li>This might look different from the output you're used to seeing, if you use Swagger
                or some other automated tool to generate output. Swagger output is capable of
                containing all the important details, although the output looks very different. The
                key with a Swagger spec is to make sure that all the details are included in the
                right place (more on that in a future installment.)</li>

        </ul>
        
        <div style="border: 1px solid black; margin: 25px; padding:25px; width: 65%; margin-left: 50px;" >
        <h2>Get account by id</h2>
        <p><b>Description</b>: Uses <code>customer_id</code> number to fetch the
                individual customer’s account information, including name, shipping address, contact
                info, and purchased and favorited books.</p>
            <p><b>Syntax:</b></p>
        <h3>GET    /account/{customer_id}</h3>
 
        <h4>Request</h4>
        <pre>
curl --location –request https://askmeaboutspis.com/BookShop/api/account/495878384505 \
--header “accept: application/vnd.api+json” \
--header “content-type: application/vnd.api+json” \
--header “Authorization: Bearer {customer_web_token}
        </pre>
            <p><b>About the request:</b></p>
            <ul>
                <li>Insert your own customer id and web token in order for the request to
                    work. These are found in the first and last lines. A variable is substituted for the web
                    token in this example for the sake of brevity.</li>
                <li>Remember, it's a <i>fictional</i> API. This request will not work if you plug it
                    into your terminal.</li>
            </ul>

        <h5>The parameter in this request</h5>
            
            <table class="table-html">
                <colgroup>
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                </colgroup>
                <thead>
                    <tr>
                        <th>Name</th>
                        <th>Required (y/n)</th>
                        <th>Data type</th>
                        <th>Description</th>
                    </tr>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <tr>
                        <td>
                            <p class="MsoNormal">customer_id </p>
                        </td>
                        <td>Yes</td>
                        <td>Int</td>
                        <td>
                            <p class="MsoNormal">This is the unique, 12-digit customer id created
                                when the account is established. </p>
                            <p class="MsoNormal"> </p>
                        </td>
                    </tr>
                </tbody>
            </table>
        <p> </p>
            <h4>Response</h4>
            <pre>
{
  "name": "Matthew Example",
  "customer_id": 495878384505,
  "gdpr_permission": True,
  "gdpr_types": [promotions, events, purchases],
  "contact": {
    "address": "6400 Mission Street, Top of the Hill, Daly City CA",
    "phone": "(415) 555-1212",
    "email": "matthew@internet.com",
    "preferred_contact_method": "text"
  },
  "books": {
    "bought": [0596001282, 0815393814, 979-8621549824, 1491911689, 0132480522],
    "favorited": [979-8621549824, 1491911689, 0132480522]
  }

}             
            </pre>
            <p><b>About the response</b></p>
            <ul>
                <li> The example above is exhaustively inclusive of the response properties.
                    Everything that the end point can return is shown.</li>
            </ul>
            
   <h3>Response properties</h3> 
            <p>The three following tables describe all the response object properties in more detail.</p>
            <h4>Top level response properties</h4>
            <table class="table-html" style="border: 1px solid black; ">
                
                <colgroup>
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                </colgroup>
                <thead>
                    <tr>
                        <th>Name </th>
                        <th>Always returned (y/n)</th>
                        <th>Data type </th>
                        <th>Description</th>
                    </tr>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>name</code>
                        </td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>string</td>
                        <td>Customer name</td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>customer_id</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>int</td>
                        <td>Customer 12-digit id, as assigned when the account is created.</td>
                    </tr >
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>gdpr_permission</code> </td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>Boolean</td>
                        <td>Indicates whether the customer has granted permission to be contacted
                            about matters other than account maintenance.</td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>gdpr_types</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>array </td>
                        <td><p>A list containing the types of contact approved by the customer. Possible values include: </p><ul>
                                <li><code>promotions</code> – Communications about books the
                                    customer might want to buy, such as a new paperback edition of a
                                    book that the customer favorited. </li>
                                <li><code>events</code> – Notification of events such as readings by
                                    a favorite author, but without any promotional sales
                                    content.</li>
                                <li><code>purchases</code> – Updates about completed purchases, such
                                    as confirmation, delivery updates, and other recommended
                                    reading.</li>
                            <li><code>none</code> – Indicates that the customer wants no
                                    communications except for account maintenance. </li>
                            </ul>
                            <p>The default value is <code>none</code>.</p></td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>contact</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>object</td>
                        <td>The contact object contains multiple properties related to customer
                            contact information. See the table that follows this one.</td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>books</code> </td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>object</td>
                        <td>The books object contains two properties to indicate books that were
                            purchased or favorited by the customer. See the table that follows this
                            one. </td>
                    </tr>
                </tbody>
            </table>         
            <h4>Properties of contact object</h4>
            <table class="table-html">
                
                <colgroup>
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                </colgroup>
                <thead>
                    <tr>
                        <th>Name </th>
                        <th>Always returned (y/n)</th>
                        <th>Data type </th>
                        <th>Description</th>
                    </tr>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>address</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>string</td>
                        <td>The customer's permanent address. This is used as the default shipping
                            address but is not used as the billing address for online payments. </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>phone</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>string</td>
                        <td>The main phone number provided by the customer.</td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>email</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>string</td>
                        <td>The email provided by the customer when setting up the account. This is
                            the email address used for all communications with the customer and for
                            recovering the account.</td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>preferred_contact_method</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>string</td>
                        <td>Determines how we initiate contact with the customer for issues other
                            than account maintenance. Possible values are: <ul>
                                <li><code>snail_mail</code></li>
                                <li><code>email</code></li>
                                <li><code>phone</code></li>
                                <li><code>text</code></li>
                            </ul><p>The default value is <code>email</code>. </p></td>
                    </tr>
                </tbody>
            </table>
            
            <h4>Properties of books object</h4>
            <table>
                
                <colgroup>
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                    <col />
                </colgroup>
                <thead>
                    <tr>
                        <th>Name </th>
                        <th>Always returned (y/n)</th>
                        <th>Data type </th>
                        <th>Description</th>
                    </tr>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>bought</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>array</td>
                        <td>A list containing reference numbers of books already purchased by the
                            customer. The members of this list can be a 10-digit or 13-digit ISBN
                            number. </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td><code>favorited</code></td>
                        <td>yes</td>
                        <td>array</td>
                        <td>A list containing reference numbers of books that have been favorited by
                            the customer. The members of this list can be a 10-digit or 13-digit
                            ISBN number.</td>
                    </tr>
                </tbody>
            </table>

            
        </div>

    </body>
</html>
